c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\1.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\10.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\11.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\12.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\13.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\14.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\15.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\16.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\17.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\18.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\19.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\2.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\20.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\21.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\22.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\23.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\24.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\25.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\3.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\4.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\5.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\6.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\7.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\8.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\9.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\background.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\home.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\mainBack.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\myFont.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\quit.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\scoreboard.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\scoreFont.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\startButton.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\obj\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\obj\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\obj\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoEngine.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack48.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack72.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack24.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\AlphaGradient.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\AButton.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\BackButton.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Cancel.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Collapse.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Expand.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\gradient.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hourglass.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\MenuMove.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\MenuSelect.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Potion3a.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack10.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack14.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack36.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack48Spanish.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\ArialBlack96.xnb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CollegeProject\CollegeProject\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CollegeProject.exe.config
